README.md, before:

```
██████╗  ██████╗ ███████╗████████╗███████╗██████╗
██╔══██╗██╔═══██╗██╔════╝╚══██╔══╝██╔════╝██╔══██╗
██████╔╝██║   ██║███████╗   ██║   █████╗  ██████╔╝
██╔═══╝ ██║   ██║╚════██║   ██║   ██╔══╝  ██╔══██╗
██║     ╚██████╔╝███████║   ██║   ███████╗██║  ██║
╚═╝      ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝   ╚═╝   ╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝
    ___              
   /   |  ____  ____ 
  / /| | / __ \/ __ \
 / ___ |/ /_/ / /_/ /
/_/  |_/ .___/ .___/ 
      /_/   /_/      
```

An app for showcasing [ERC-3722 – Poster](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-3722-poster-a-ridiculously-simple-general-purpose-social-media-smart-contract/6751). This is a monorepo fetching all components as [`git submodules`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules), which can be found in our [organization](https://github.com/onPoster).

1. [`Poster`](https://github.com/onPoster/app) - An EVM-compatible append-only general purpose smart contract.
1. [`Subgraph`](https://github.com/onPoster/subgraph) - An indexer and content parser for Poster powered by TheGraph.
1. [`App`](https://github.com/onPoster/app) - A sample UI to showcase ERC-3722 usage as a protocol for social apps.

# Usage

## Clone repository with all submodules

`git clone git@github.com:onPoster/app-monorepo.git --recurse-submodules`

## Setup project for development

1. `yarn`
1. `yarn run:local:node`
1. (In new terminal) `yarn deploy:local:contracts`
1. `yarn run:local:subgraph`
1. (In new terminal) `yarn config:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn build:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn deploy:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn run:local:app`

## Connect to `localhost`

1. Make sure you have downloaded [MetaMask](https://metamask.io) browser extension.
1. Create a new wallet[^1] and import the following private key:

```
ac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80
```

1. Add the `hardhat` in your MetaMask “Networks” section:

```
Network Name: Hardhat
New RPC URL: http://localhost:8545
Chain Id: 31337
```

Your balance should be around 9999.95 ETH or so. If you restart the project, you might need to reset your MetaMask account so the transactions come from the first block again, which you can do by going to "Advanced > Reset Account”. **IMPORTANT: Only do this on a wallet that has the Hardhat test mnemonic imported, as this will affect ALL your accounts and not the only one the imported one.**

## Using the application

With the application up and running, go to `localhost:3000` and connect your wallet with the “Connect wallet” option.

Write anything in the text field, and submit the transaction. You will be able to see how the posts are loaded and shortly after your post will show.

---

[^1]: You can always simply import Hardhat's demo mnemonic `test test test test test test test test test test test junk`. Make sure to not send any real digital assets to any of these accounts, as all their private keys are publicly known.

Commit message:

setup(gitpod): Automatic cloud setup with Gitpod

README.md, after:

```
██████╗  ██████╗ ███████╗████████╗███████╗██████╗
██╔══██╗██╔═══██╗██╔════╝╚══██╔══╝██╔════╝██╔══██╗
██████╔╝██║   ██║███████╗   ██║   █████╗  ██████╔╝
██╔═══╝ ██║   ██║╚════██║   ██║   ██╔══╝  ██╔══██╗
██║     ╚██████╔╝███████║   ██║   ███████╗██║  ██║
╚═╝      ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝   ╚═╝   ╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝
    ___              
   /   |  ____  ____ 
  / /| | / __ \/ __ \
 / ___ |/ /_/ / /_/ /
/_/  |_/ .___/ .___/ 
      /_/   /_/      
```

An app for showcasing [ERC-3722 – Poster](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-3722-poster-a-ridiculously-simple-general-purpose-social-media-smart-contract/6751). This is a monorepo fetching all components as [`git submodules`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules), which can be found in our [organization](https://github.com/onPoster).

1. [`Poster`](https://github.com/onPoster/app) - An EVM-compatible append-only general purpose smart contract.
1. [`Subgraph`](https://github.com/onPoster/subgraph) - An indexer and content parser for Poster powered by TheGraph.
1. [`App`](https://github.com/onPoster/app) - A sample UI to showcase ERC-3722 usage as a protocol for social apps.

# Usage (cloud)

The easiest way to setup `Poster App` is by running it via [Gitpod.io](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/onPoster/app-monorepo). It will automatically spin a cloud instance with all the required commands and dependencies ready to go.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/onPoster/app-monorepo)

# Usage (locally)

## Clone repository with all submodules

`git clone git@github.com:onPoster/app-monorepo.git --recurse-submodules`

## Setup project for development

1. `yarn`
1. `yarn run:local:node`
1. (In new terminal) `yarn deploy:local:contracts`
1. `yarn run:local:subgraph`
1. (In new terminal) `yarn config:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn build:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn deploy:local:subgraph`
1. `yarn run:local:app`

## Connect to `localhost`

1. Make sure you have downloaded [MetaMask](https://metamask.io) browser extension.
1. Create a new wallet[^1] and import the following private key:

```
ac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80
```

1. Add the `hardhat` in your MetaMask “Networks” section:

```
Network Name: Hardhat
New RPC URL: http://localhost:8545
Chain Id: 31337
```

Your balance should be around 9999.95 ETH or so. If you restart the project, you might need to reset your MetaMask account so the transactions come from the first block again, which you can do by going to "Advanced > Reset Account”. **IMPORTANT: Only do this on a wallet that has the Hardhat test mnemonic imported, as this will affect ALL your accounts and not the only one the imported one.**

## Using the application

With the application up and running, go to `localhost:3000` and connect your wallet with the “Connect wallet” option.

Write anything in the text field, and submit the transaction. You will be able to see how the posts are loaded and shortly after your post will show.

---

[^1]: You can always simply import Hardhat's demo mnemonic `test test test test test test test test test test test junk`. Make sure to not send any real digital assets to any of these accounts, as all their private keys are publicly known.
